Blogging.
So before we start the next one we forget to mention some information right.
Yes.
When we talk about the master and the slave and we say that we in this house take it down.
Then the master will power on the virtual machine exists in this house.
In other host even though the center server is out of service.
So how do muster know that the slave Hovda vitrine machine A B and C so for that we we config do that
ability of the Vicent or Sayreville it automatically creates a text file into a shared storage that
content all the information about the virtual machine and the host.
So in that text.
Right.
Hey Chris do hosts muster Hovda virtual machine X Y and Z.
The slave host of the virtual machine.
And oh then the slave number you have the vitrine machine A B and C.
So that's fine is save it in do.
Shit it's trash.
And this is I host in that cluster that can easy read that file and know which virtual machine in which
the Center stood.
So if this muster tickets than slave writer and this one will detects that the muster is to get done
and he will get all the information about the vitriol machine in the muster.
Rhonda textfile Khaled list so if we go to the second option we have in the heights of ability to respond
for house is relation host is Rhaetian response allow you to configure the cluster to respond to host
network exaltation.
If you remember when we talk about the hosts file sometimes we have only do network fire a lot of we
this host this mean this host is insulated from the network and the hostile work the vitriol machines
departed on without any problem.
Only we have a problem of the connection between the slave this host and the other is I host and the
network in that case we have striation horse Israel-Egypt and not a horse filer for that we have options.
Of course the first one is desirable.
That's mean no action will be taken and affects V.M..
That's me.
Don't do anything for the virtual machine the site that host.
Then we have the second option shut down and restart VM are affected VM will be gracefully shut down
and Wickwire.
Will attempt to restart the vim's on homes that are still online.
But I mean it will shut down send a command to shut down the virtual machine exist in that host.
Then when the virtual machine shuts down and pour it on in another horse in this situation we use it.
If we are for example under the protection system we do application and we know that this application
will have a corruption if we bought it off when we used both of those men we employ the power for that
machine.
It shut it down then actually without need to wait for one or two minutes to complete the process of
shut down.
This is the option shut down.
Then we have the option powered it off and restart this part of its like you plugged the cable of the
electricity from the virtual machine in one comment less than one second to a virtual machine with repotted.
Then you restart the virtual machine in a different host that have connection.
So in any situation that we lost the connection from this cable or from the which it does not have connection
with the host.
Even the hostile work perfectly and all the visual machines departed on this action will be it.
Thats mean shut down or fall off.
Sometimes And the most commonly it is to lose power of because in a situation is shut down sometimes
as we know some machine when you send a command to shut down the process of shutdown have a problem
and give you a massage.
We tend to click on two choice.
For example do message say please do you want to save the content of this document.
For example in Microsoft Word the machine will not going to power it.
We're not going to shut down and we seem to chose yes or no for that Dokument or that's a Microsoft
Word in distribution.
Do derrieres we'll wait.
The shut down on Brijesh and before restarting it in another post and this can be take Howard or maybe
Alda day maybe once a month without a portion of the vitriol machine.
So always of common is power olf that's mean power of the virtual machine and posted on for use in AIDS
in our company.
For example some machine that need to be use it.
For example the Chester server.
If we wait until it shut down and have a problem so we'll have our exchange server out of service so
when to power it up.
Then restart the virtual machine and have the exchange available after three or four minutes in our
company.
Then we have another option.
I tap that do that I store PDL and datastore we IPD it's close this one and we open just one.
So the US thought we'd be the end.
That's mean permanent device loss.
We have a situation another situation if you see the one that this Haast have disconnected to the network
but still work perfectly the situation that we have had for us is that this Hulst still have connection
with do a work but he lose connection to do that or store the shit it look that's mean does not have
any connection with the body of the Vissarion machine.
So we created the virtual machine the hate and the body.
We cut it down so all the virtual machine will be date of the virtual machine will be out of service.
Even the House is still working perfectly the Master sent the herd to the slave and the slave said yes
I'm still alive but all the virtual machine is out of service because we have a filer between the slave
and the device.
So we have a situation we have the device Paramount's device Los lets me he does not have connection
to do device in this situation.
We have the option of course by default is disable no action will be take it to the affected virtual
machine.
Thats mean its only give you a message that there are Vitry on the machine that is out of service because
we have at that store we'd be the fire alarm response.
This just gives you an event to know about it.
But the action that we have is power of understanding between machine that's mean are affected.
Virtual Machine will be terminated and this year of ability will attempt to restart the virtual machine
on hauz.
You'll have connectivity to do that.
You see here we don't have shut down because the virtual machine Amerie the power of Alamoudi kill it
by losing the connection between hate and Abadie.
So I'll derivate your machine.
It is bolted.
The action.
If there are some vitch and instead voted on please part of them and restart them in another host that
have connection with do that are stock right.
For example this one is firelit But when you want to restart a virtual machine that's already exists
in this host.
It will check in the top connection with decide that for example if you have a mother tree.
I host if one of them does not have connection with this that does logically this virtual machine we're
not going to report it on inside that server.
So logically it will restart the virtual machine inside the other hosts that have connection.
We do that for example in this one.
And in this one that's have our connection.
Then the other option right head of course we leave this one disable the other one that we have right
there is do all beat down fight response to that.
I start with APD all paid down to situations that mean the store is out of service.
I mean we have a far left Abdula bit overdue that the US or Dusan or ice Khazaee or the storage public
etc. This was a problem and it is out of service.
That's mean.
ALDA vitrine machine exists in this one is powered off and out of service industry.
Of course this is a hard situation.
We have the Zevi.
As always we have events that mean gets you on that occasion.
Then part of that is of vitriol machine conservative restart Polisi and aggressive restart policy.
In this situation it will send a commode and keep track the connection.
We thought that store and all the virtual machine exist in the store to power up and restart.
We have concerts.
That's me.
Did this action slowly and aggressively do with as fast as possible.
Are affected virtual machine would get rid of and Visby it has been it will attempt to restart VM if
the host has connectivity to do that a start.
I mean when this store is out of service and lost all the connection with this one if any Hulst Zeuxis
do have a connection with this.
That does not mean that those stores start responding to one of those hosts.
For example I have no doubt about Indu network adapter the network adapter took it down.
Only one that still work with a another host.
In that situation.
Will try to restart the virtual machine inside that host that have connection with this that.
So he will try to arrest Bardos between machine inside that home that will get a connectivity to do
that Astar.
We have to consider what that's mean.
Slowly they will wait aspecific time and check if you did that or Starbucks to the light because sometimes
we only have a problem with network or the datastore have a freezing then it's need a little time to
get back to the live.
So we chose conservative to give it our time.
Chick is really the story is out of service.
If not we used to power of aggressive restart.
What do you see that's mean it will do it as fast as possible.
Then we have the wrist band recovery.
It's integration about are they done.
That's mean.
When we chose deserver that's mean do response recovery will not start automatically.
We'll wait three minutes before restart the virtual machine and bought it on and datastore that is fine.
That's mean.
If that stored back to life after a moment he will wait three minutes before he starts taking the recovery
step recovery process and restart the vitriol machine in that store and use it as our men.
That does not mean he used the star in the environment.
He should wait three minutes before a restart intervention machine and using Indu preview place that
this was before.
But when we chose restart that's meant automatically when he detects Ah datastore back to the life he
will restart the virtual machine and put it on in the right server that it was before.
So of course we should always chose three minutes because we need to be sure that our store is ready
to walk again.
But sometimes if we have a small number of store for example have only two at the store we need to restart
division machine as quick as possible because some virtual machine will still powered it off and we
do not want to wait three minutes before.
Stop audit on this virtual machine.
In other server.
So this is a different option that we have and we'll discover more in the next week.